ERC-5114: Some wording changes regarding badge vs. token (#6531)
ethereum/EIPs: EIPS/eip-5114.md

## Security Considerations

Users of badges that claim to implement this EIP must be diligent in verifying they actually do.
A badge author can create a badge that, upon initial probing of the API surface, may appear to follow the rules when in reality it doesn't.
For example, the contract could allow transfers via some mechanism and simply not utilize them initially.

> It should also be made clear that soulbound badges are not bound to a human, they are bound to a persona.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It should also be made clear that soulbound badges are not bound to a human, they are bound to an entity.
```

is it better to use entity than persona as entity is a better understood word

Reviewer 2: You may get better engagement on this question over on the discussions-to URL as PRs are transient and this is out of scope of this PR.

TL;DR of my position is that persona is a more correct word here than entity, as one entity may have multiple personas, and each persona may own a set of badges.
